+++
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 5.5  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Research Description"
+++
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a preferential medical imaging modality extensively used in clinical applications to image soft-tissues and nervous systems. The preference for MRI confides in its capacity to acquire high-resolution volumetric images of the same underlying anatomy under a comprehensive set of different tissue contrasts. During an MRI scan, the tissue contrasts are captured by manifesting specific pulse sequences, and radio frequency signals emitted from tissues are collected spatially in a Frequency domain, named k-space. The signals collected in the k-space are then inverse Fourier transformed to produce the desired volumetric images. Yet, prolonged data acquisitions in MRI inherently restrict the diversity and quality of the MR images acquired. My research studies therefore aim to investigate **computer vision techniques** to develop novel **fully-supervised and semi-supervised deep learning models** for **accelerated MRI reconstruction and super-resolution** to reconstruct high-quality MR images from limited quality ones, and for **multi-contrast MRI synthesis** to synthesize a more diverse set of MR images from a less diverse one, as well as for **synergistic reconstruction-synthesis** to jointly recover a comprehensive diverse set of high-quality images from a lower-quality and less-diverse one. These tasks in the 
